Our design process began with knowing that we wanted to have a separation between assignments and events, as we wanted to gear this website towards students calendar needs. From this point, we made the two tables in a .db file which we called bulldogbrain.db, that have all information about the assignments and events which we considered essential to listing, such as title, date due, notes, importance, and so on. We knew that we need somewhere to list all of our assignments and events, but we also knew that we wanted to find a way that informs students of what things they need to prioritize, as schedules can sometimes become overwhelming during certain times of the school year, and so having a way to know what is most important would certainly help. This is why we added the option to add the importance of an event or assignment, and why we made a tab to not only view the "Today" view which is the view of the assignments and events from Today listed in what comes first throughout the day, but also by making the "Urgent" view, which lists todays assignments and events ordered by importance, from most important of the day to least important. After figuring out what exactly we wanted to do, we ran with it. 

When it came time to designing we decided that Today and Urgent were similar enough and both equally important enough to where we decided that having a button to switch between them in the "Bulldogbrain" would be the best option, as we figured that users would most likely spend most of their time there. We decided to implement this seameless transition through a button. There are obviously various ways to implement a switch between the ordering of tasks, however, a button that says which sorting type it will take the user to seemed like the best option. Also, we wanted it to be slightly more noticeable since it's a very important feature, and it certainly is.

In List we focused on listing everything, since it is obviously important for users to easily view everything that they have added to their reminders. We also knew that we needed a way for users to mark tasks as completed. Our ultimate goal was to make a checkbox next to each assignment and event that would allow the user to mark tasks as completed - and we did it. This was done by using jinja to set the value of each box equal to the id of that assignment, as each assignment is being printed through a jinja for loop. 

After implementing this, though, we realized that a big issue could be that users may accidentally check off an assignment or event which they did not mean to cross off. So we decided to implement an Archive tab, where users could view the tasks which they had already completed. This, however, would be essentially useless without giving users the ability to bring back assignments or events from  archive view to the list, today, or urgent. So we made a similar layout as archive, except that the boxes would be checked, and you could uncheck them to bring them back. 

We decided that the homepage would just be the login page, with the opportunity to register at the top right corner. We had a more simplistic approach when creating this website, and that fit perfectly. 

We also needed a way to add assignments and events, which we wanted to be through a dropdown menu that would be there no matter what page the user was on. We decided on a circular, dropdown button, as not only was it the perfect amount of simplistic, but also it would allow for the best user experience. 

Knowing that we wanted this to be geared towards students, obviously Yale students in mind, we gave users the ability to add classes through the same dropdown the user could add assignments and events, as this, in the long run, would provide for the best user experience when adding assignments as it would allow for a simple dropdown menu. Also, this swayed us to design the website with Yale in mind, with the register and log in being Yale blue, and the assignments and events viewers and add pages having a beautiful blurred photograph of Yale. 