Our site is a task management platform for Yale students. With our site, Yale students can manage their tasks, assignments, and upcoming events and make sure to stay on top of their due dates.

The first page is just window to log in and access there account. But on our site, a student could start off by registering their account through the register tab on the top right of the log in page. Once they have an account, they can enter the site, where they find themselves on the "Today" page, otherwise known as the users main home page. The "Today" page displays a student's events and assignments for the current day. These events and assignments are displayed in a list format, and they are ordered by the time in chronological order. For the assignments, the assignment name, the course the assignment is for, the deadline, the importance rating, and any notes written by the user for the assignment are displayed all in one list item. For the events, the event name, the start and end of the event, the location, the importance, and notes associated with the event are all displayed in one list item.

Similar to this page is the urgent page, which shows the exact same thing as the today page, but instead of organizing it by the time in chronlogical order, it organizes the tasks from the current day in order of importance, from higher to lower importance. 

To add a new assignment, event, or course, the user can click the drop down "Add+" button on the top left that is featured on every page when an user is logged in, click on what they'd like to add, such as events, assignments, and classes, and fill out the specifics of what they want added. These specifics would be exactly what today, urgent, list, and archive pages show the user. For event, for example, some of the options include that the user can add a start date for their event and an end date, along with notes and whether the event is important or not. When the user clicks "add assignment" or "add event", the user-inputted assignment or event is added to the "List" page. The "List" page is a list view of all the user's upcoming assignments and events. Now, the reason the user can add a course is because when the user is inputting an upcoming assignment, they need to input what class the asssignment is for. 

There is an unticked box at the start of each event or assignment item. When the user clicks this box, it is filled with a check, and the associated assignment or event goes to the "Archive" page. This is the user's way of inputting that they have completed an assignment or attended an event. If the user mistakenly clicked the check box, they can just go to the "Archive" page, which lists the assignments which the user has marked as complete, and uncheck it to bring it back to the other pages.

